welcome to the technical difficulties
and tonight we start in America San
Francisco home of the Golden Gate cable
cars and hippies unfortunately we don't
have the budget to go there which is why
we're here
induced Roof home of more bed
manufacturers than anywhere else in
England
in San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf one
man and his dog were preparing for a
race
they had a BMW I wasn't so lucky you're
gonna be racing using the power of the
Internet Google Street View and these
virtual reality goggles for the past few
years Google have been driving around
the world in special camera cars and
trikes making a giant digital version of
the world's roads we connected that to
state-of-the-art VR goggles so we're
seeing what Gary's seeing on this
monitor this is not the way the Internet
was meant to be seen on the other
monitor a live feed from the dashboard
as our driver went as fast as legally
possible through San Francisco to one go
for it we both jumped off the line our
destination Coit Tower high on Telegraph
Hill across the city he was slightly
faster but he had to do with pedestrians
I could plow straight through them then
it was up Hyde Street passed cable cars
he had to go right to avoid an illegal
turn onto Lombard Street but traffic
laws don't apply on the Internet
I kept going then it was on to Lombard
Street one of the twistiest streets in
the world
Gary had trouble navigating curves that
Street View wasn't designed for but his
opponent was a throw and swung round
them with ease
diet
there was just a straight shot to
Telegraph he left he was slightly faster
but he had to come to a full stop after
every single block and he had to deal
with tourists it was neck and neck as we
drove up the final Hill okay you got it
ah there is I'm looking over your tower
now ah
and that was it Gary took the victory
and the glory even if after all that he
was still into spring
you